[ML] adding docs + hlrc for data frame analysis feature_processors (#61149)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/df-analytics/apis/put-dfanalytics.asciidoc

[%collapsible%open]
=====
`compute_feature_influence`::::

> (Optional, boolean)

Reviewer: Just wondering (as my Intellij also removes trailing whitespace).
Should we piggy back the whitespace changes with our PRs or maybe there should be a separate PR to clean up the whitespace so that it is easier to review the "real" changes?

Author: It is weird that trailing white spaces are there to begin with. I am not sure which is best. But backing out only the white space changes in a file would take some work/scripting.

// TEST[skip:setup kibana sample data]

<1> Source index to analyze.
<2> This query filters out entire documents that will not be present in the
destination index.

> <3> The `_source` object defines fields in the dataset that will be included or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> The `_source` object defines fields in the data set that will be included or
```
